# Ideas
---
- Idea 1: Bitcoin was created in 2009 and since then this cryptocurrency has become very valuable. Nevertheless it is commonly known that cryptocurrencies are very volatile making it difficult to predict. We can ask ourselves if the media have an influence on the Bitcoin price. In particular can a negative media coverage cause a drop in the Bitcoin price. For this purpose a principal component analysis could be used to separate quotations praising the cryptocurrency from the more negative ones. We could then compare the timeline of the quotations with the historical Bitcoin prices. An additional dataset about the cryptocurrency historical prices would then be use to this end.
- Idea 2: Nowadays climate change is a major issue in our society. However despite the urgency not everyone is equally receptive to the warnings from the scientific community. In some cases, there may be a denial of the situation as was the case with Donald Trump calling climate change a hoax. Can the reactions about climate change depend on the political orientation? To answer this question the quotations from American speakers will be used. A principal component analysis would be used to see if the quotations can be divided in two distinct groups that is a group rejecting the climate change theory and another group accepting it. Finally the political orientations (democrats and republicans) will be used to make a comparison to see if we can find some correlations with the previous separation. The quotations of a given speaker could be used to try to predict his political orientation.
- Idea 3: Conspiracy theories seem to be more and more common in our connected society. Examples include QAnon, those who believe in a flat earth or conspiracies related to COVID-19. What is the social profile of a conspiracy believer? To attack this question it is necessary to divide the quotations into two groups. The first group would include quotations in favor of a given theory while the second group would include quotations with a negative feeling about it. A principal component analysis could be the ideal tool to achieve this. The authors would thus be classified according to their position regarding a conspiracy theory. The profiles of the authors will then be compared with information such as political orientation, gender and other relevant characteristics we can find.

# Feedback
---
- Idea 1: I would suggest to be open to be proven wrong by the data. Test your hypothesis and even if there is no correlation, report your results (this is interesting too). Will you only focus on Bitcoin? Why Bitcoin and no the others?

- Idea 2: I liked the structure. Good motivation and formulation of questions. It would be great if you started thinking about possible ways (methods) to answer your questions.

- Idea 3: Why PCA? Are there other methods that could help you achieve the goal? Will you focus on a specific theory or in all? Could you take time into account? Have the social profiles changed over time? I would suggest to use PCA as a baseline and explore other unsupervised methods.